added more content to the ship overview page (#747)
replicatedhq/help-center: content/guides/kubernetes-with-ship/introduction.md

When the end customer installs a Ship application, Ship will launch a branded and customizable web-based setup console. It's here that customized [config options](/docs/ship/config/overview) can generate data such as keys, certs, random strings, etc. The console also shows an interactive form for the operator to input data that's required to start the application.

### Focus on "Day 2" Operations

The web-based console is a nice, user friendly way to set up the application, but automation is a big part of Ship. When an application is distributed on Ship, it's easy for the operator to automate the configuration and update process so any updates can be applied to a change management process and then staged for deployment. This can even be used to create a continuous delivery process for your on-prem software.

### Release Channels

> Application Vendors can iterate continuously by publishing releases to the Replicated 'Unstable' Channel multiple times per day, test promotion to 'Beta' and finally release to customers via the 'Stable' channel when a release has been vetted and is ready for customers. By creating additional channels and assigning customer licenses to channels based on release cadence or other customer preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application Vendors can iterate continuously by publishing releases to the Replicated 'Unstable' Channel multiple times per day, test release candidates by promoting to 'Beta' and finally release to customers via the 'Stable' channel when a release has been vetted and is ready for customers. By creating additional channels and assigning customer licenses to channels based on release cadence or other customer preferences.
```
